What does it mean to separate the handling of binary file on
the one hand and text file on another hand?
What is the difference between them?
Well, first of all, binary fires are about storing bytes.
In a binary file, you store bytes,
and your application is going to make sense out of those bytes.
So, for instance, if your bytes have to be grouped 4 by 4 to create integers,
this is your interpretation,
your application‑specific interpretation, of the binary content of a given file.
On the other hand, text files are about storing characters.
Now what is a character?
A character is also a set of bytes in a text file,
but it can be interpreted as this or that character using a charset.
And trust me, they are really many charsets, dozens and dozens of them.
The charset we should all be using is probably UTF‑8,
but this is not the only one that is living around. So the API provides support for that, and we are going to see that on examples.